## **Daily scrum**

### Portada
![](Logo_US.png)




**Integrantes del grupo G7-71:**

- Franco Dell ’Águila Ureña (<fradelure@alum.us.es>)
- Tomás Huecas Calderón (<tomhuecal@alum.us.es>)
- Pablo Jesús Castellanos Compaña(<pabcascom@alum.us.es>)
- Sergio Pons López (<serponlop@alum.us.es>)
- Natalia Olmo Villegas (<natolmvil@alum.us.es>)

**Fecha:** Sevilla, 20 de febrero 2024

ÍNDICE

1. [Acta de reunión	](#_toc1950218427)

2. [Asistentes	](#_toc1057004883)

    2.1 [ Franco Dell ’Águila Ureña	](#_toc1873891136)

     [- Qué he realizado hasta ahora	](#_toc1934329649)

     [- Problemas encontrados	](#_toc1456812546)

     [- Qué estoy realizando actualmente	](#_toc1143339800)

    2.2 [Tomás Huecas Calderón	](#_toc1024244855)

     [- Qué he realizado hasta ahora	](#_toc1341301289)

     [- Problemas encontrados	](#_toc1041863591)

     [- Qué estoy realizando actualmente	](#_toc426952995)

    2.3 [ Pablo Jesús Castellanos Compaña	](#_toc1149531319)

     [- Qué he realizado hasta ahora	](#_toc1193304522)

     [- Problemas encontrados	](#_toc803281040)

     [- Qué estoy realizando actualmente	](#_toc1712911188)

    2.4 [ Sergio Pons López	](#_toc1135947253)

     [- Qué he realizado hasta ahora	](#_toc630852415)

     [- Problemas encontrados	](#_toc648540691)

     [- Qué estoy realizando actualmente	](#_toc1610684052)

    2.5 [ Natalia Olmo Villegas	](#_toc1460195857)

     [- Qué he realizado hasta ahora	](#_toc2054412013)

     [- Problemas encontrados	](#_toc177483444)

     [- Qué estoy realizando actualmente	](#_toc371937477)




<div id='_toc1950218427'></div>

## 1. Acta de reunión
Fecha: 20 de febrero de 2024

Hora: 16:01– 16:07

<div id='_toc1057004883'></div>

## 2. Asistentes

<div id='_toc1873891136'></div>

## *2.1 Franco Dell ’Águila Ureña*

<div id='_toc1934329649'></div>

### - Qué he realizado hasta ahora

Hemos acabado prácticamente el informe técnico sobre la metodología de gestión de configuración, solo faltan por añadir algunos ejemplos e ir actualizándolo con las siguientes actividades.

<div id='_toc1456812546'></div>

### - Problemas encontrados

Ningún problema.

<div id='_toc1143339800'></div>

### - Qué estoy realizando actualmente

Se me ha asignado la tarea 1.6 b) “Change the color of the gradients shown in each card of the /plans page so every card uses different shades of brown. Make sure that every place where the pricing plans are shown (e.g. for owners, clinic owners, etc.) uses the same color scheme”.

<div id='_toc1024244855'></div>

## *2.2 Tomás Huecas Calderón* 

<div id='_toc1341301289'></div>

### - Qué he realizado hasta ahora

- Añadir cosas al technical report – configuration managment.

<div id='_toc1041863591'></div>

### - Problemas encontrados

Ningún problema.

<div id='_toc426952995'></div>

### - Qué estoy realizando actualmente

Se me asignó la tarea “Create a new functionality for Clinic Owners that allows this type of user to create Pet Hotel Rooms that will be used to provide Pet Owners with a Pet Hotel service. Each room should have a name, an allowed pet type, an associated clinic, and a size in square meters (using round numbers). The user interface should be similar to the one shown in the [Clinics](https://psg2-2324-gx-xy.ew.r.appspot.com/clinics) section for Clinic Owner users. “ junto a Natalia; estuvimos analizando lo que había que hacer.


<div id='_toc1149531319'></div>

## *2.3 Pablo Jesús Castellanos Compaña*

<div id='_toc1193304522'></div>

### - Qué he realizado hasta ahora

Hemos acabado el informe técnico sobre el historial del proyecto. También he empezado a pensar como realizar el apartado 1.6 d).

<div id='_toc803281040'></div>

### - Problemas encontrados

He tenido que leer bastante sobre el formato Mark Down para poder realizar correctamente el documento.

<div id='_toc1712911188'></div>

### - Qué estoy realizando actualmente

Estoy comenzando a hacer el punto 1.6 d) “Change the behaviour of the Consultations page while logged in as a Clinic Owner or a Vet, so that it only lists the consultations that are comments for the clinic to Clinic Owner users, and only those consultations that are not comments for the clinic to Vet users.”

<div id='_toc1135947253'></div>

## *2.4 Sergio Pons López*

<div id='_toc630852415'></div>

### - Qué he realizado hasta ahora

He terminado de realizar las tareas 1.4 y he empezado a trabajar en el punto 1.6 c). 

<div id='_toc648540691'></div>

### - Problemas encontrados

He tenido que documentarme bastante con respecto al formato de Mark Down.

<div id='_toc1610684052'></div>

### - Qué estoy realizando actualmente

Terminar de hacer la tarea del 1.6 c) “Change the background colour of the headers of all tables that are used to list elements (such as the one shown on the Consultations list page while logged in as an owner that you previously changed in A1.3). Use a light brown colour”.

<div id='_toc1460195857'></div>

## *2.5 Natalia Olmo Villegas*

<div id='_toc2054412013'></div>

### - Qué he realizado hasta ahora

Hemos acabado prácticamente el informe técnico sobre la metodología de gestión de configuración, solo faltan por añadir algunos ejemplos e ir actualizándolo con las siguientes actividades.

<div id='_toc177483444'></div>

### - Problemas encontrados

Ninguno.

<div id='_toc371937477'></div>

### - Qué estoy realizando actualmente

Estoy preparando el punto 1.7) “As a group, once the previous changes are done, prepare a release of the Petclinic project, creating a corresponding release branch. In this release branch, all group members should group together to remove any errors and/or warnings present in all source files of the developed code, up until the moment the release is started. As a final result of that release, the Petclinic application has to be deployed in App Engine, accessible under the URL https://psg2-2324-gx-xy.ew.r.appspot.com/, where X-XY corresponds to the group id and the chosen region is europe-west.”






